Update documentation about testing (#324)
wpaccessibility/wp-a11y-docs: docs/testing/keyboard/index.md

All functionality should work using a **keyboard**. This is essential for all assistive technology to work properly. Most keyboard testing should be checked manually. The best time to test this is during development.

## How to keyboard test

> Note: before you start testing with a keyboard on a Mac, make sure the settings of your computer are set to allow keyboard navigation: [How to activate keyboard navigation on MacOS](https://www.a11y-collective.com/blog/how-to-activate-keyboard-navigation-on-macos/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: before you start testing with a keyboard on a Mac, make sure the settings of your computer are set to allow full keyboard navigation: [How to activate keyboard navigation on MacOS](https://www.a11y-collective.com/blog/how-to-activate-keyboard-navigation-on-macos/).
```

> A **detailed guide** of how to test with a keyboard only is added to the theme accessibility-ready guideline: [Keyboard navigation support]({{site.baseurl}}//docs/accessibility-ready/theme-guidelines/keyboard-navigation-support/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **detailed guide** on how to test with a keyboard only is in the theme accessibility-ready guideline: [Keyboard navigation support]({{site.baseurl}}//docs/accessibility-ready/theme-guidelines/keyboard-navigation-support/).
```

> In short:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In brief:
```
